Create plasmapy.analysis.swept_langmuir & initiate w/ functionality for calculating the floating potential (#889)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: docs/ad/index.rst

.. include:: ad_attention.inc

.. _ad:

======================
Analyses & Diagnostics
======================

Analyses and diagnostics go hand-in-hand, but have subtle differences.  Thus,
PlasmaPy gives each their own sub-packages, `plasmapy.analysis` and
`plasmapy.diagnostics` respectively.

Think of the `plasmapy.analysis` as your toolbox.  It has all the tools
(functionality) you need to analyze your data.  Functionality is built around
`numpy` arrays and each function has a well-defined, focused task.  For example,

> :func:`numpy.fft.fft` does one specific task, compute the one-dimensional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`numpy.fft.fft` does one specific task: compute the one-dimensional
```

discrete Fourier Transform.  Similarly,
:func:`plasmapy.analysis.swept_langmuir.find_floating_potential` only finds the

> floating potential for a given langmuir trace.  It does not have smoothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
floating potential for a given Langmuir trace.  It does not have smoothing.
```

> It does not do any filtering.  It does not do any signal conditioning.  It has a
> singular task to find the floating potential of a single langmuir trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not do any filtering.  It does not do any signal conditioning.  Its sole
responsibility is to find the floating potential of a single Langmuir trace.
```

Diagnostics on the other-hand have a much broader scope and leverage the tools
defined in `plasmapy.analysis` to give a more integrated user experience when
analyzing data.  Diagnostics try to enhance the analysis workflow by focusing
on some of following key areas...

#. A more human-friendly way of managing data by building an interface around
   `xarray` arrays and datasets via custom diagnostic accessors.

   - `xarray` provides labelled multi-dimensional arrays and datasets.
   - Diagnostics self-manage the computed analysis data within a `xarray`
     dataset while maintaining the computed data's relation to the original
     data.

#. Quick viewing of analyzed data with default plotting routines.
#. Fully defining the physical parameters of a diagnostic with purposely
   designed Probe classes that are integrated into the analysis workflow.

> #. Adding GUI's to the analysis workflow via notebook widgets.

Reviewer 2: Should we say that this part is a work in progress?

Author: I kinda already am.  As part of this PR I'm placing an ["Important" admonition at the top](https://plasmapy--889.org.readthedocs.build/en/889/ad/index.html) of the analysis and diagnostic pages.

Reviewer 2: Oh right, yeah. :+1:
